You're so clever.
Why don't you sleep with your clothes on?
Good night.
You're so mean.
I thought you were talking.
You're snoring.
Did you sleep?
Don't do anything bad.
You're snoring.
You're so naughty.
Go to sleep.
You'll sleep.
You're so naughty.
Good night.
Who are you?
I'm a man.
I'm Tanuki.
I'm sorry.
You're so naughty.
I made you a drink.
Don't do anything bad.
Don't make fun of me.
I don't have rice.
I'm sorry.
I'm looking for a rice cooker.
I'll give you rice.
You can eat rice.
You're a rice cooker?
I'm a rice cooker.
I see.
Thank you.
I'm sorry.
I owe you a rice cooker.
I'll use it as a rice cooker.
It's not good.
You're a rice cooker.
I'm sorry.
I'll use it as a rice cooker.
I'm so sorry.
I owe you a rice cooker.
Give it to me.
I'm sorry.
I'll use it as a rice cooker.
You're too big.
I'm sorry.
There she goes.
You'reard if sheishin mago mooukan.
Then you can do y seriousoffiamaaaaaw giddyaw fatass
Hey swindler,fiert hee!
What do you want from my car this time?
It'sbeUM Ooo whatever you need it.
Just be quiet.
Yes. Good morning.
This is Chijimiya.
I'll be going over there.
I was so worried about your payment.
You're so slow.
How long are you going to keep me waiting?
I'll pay.
You're going to take it?
Yes.
Here's the bill.
You're going to take it?
Yes.
I'll give it to you.
You're the best.
Don't say anything bad about it.
No, I won't.
Here.
Don't turn your head too much.
Your eyes will turn.
It's okay.
You won't get a hair cut.
What?
You don't have to know.
Go home, you idiot.
You're so relaxed.
Chijimiya just took it.
If that's the case, you should come back.
I want to go to Echigo.
Oh, Kujita!
You're here!
What's wrong?
I can't believe what happened.
You said you were going to tell me,
but everyone was kidding.
At first,
he ran away toward the riverbed and got killed.
You must've worked really hard.
The only clothes were not showing very brightly.
Now he's서 from a person who works for you.
He's sweet as Danny.
He'll never lie.